= zuptime-- a simple web app for checking web-site status

== Description

Zuptime is a little sinatra app that allows you to quickly enter in a list of websites that you want to monitor.  You can configure the e-mail notification list on a per-webiste basis.

== Simple Installation

The flowplace is sinatra app.  To install it, just clone the app and run it like this:

  git clone git://github.com/zippy/zuptime.git zuptime
  cd zuptime
  ruby app.rb
  
Then you should be able to access it by entering:

  http://localhost:4567/
  
in your web-browser.

The first time zuptime runs it will bring up a configuration screen where you can enter the smtp configuration information.

== Deployment to passenger server with Capistrano 

Included in the repository is a config.ru file suitable for deployment under passenger as well as a sample deploy.rb file for use with capistrano.  Rename the config/deploy-sample.rb file to deploy.rb, edit the file appropriately for the settings on your server and then use:

  cap deploy:setup
  cap deploy

to deploy zuptime to your server.

[add more here about setting up the apache/nginx config files...]

== Prerequisites

You must install the following gems for zuptime to work:
  
  sudo gem install sinatra datamapper haml sqlite3 pony yaml

You also need to have a program like curl or wget installed on your machine, which zuptime uses to do the actual fetching of the web page specified.

By default zuptime assumes that you have curl installed at:
  
  /usr/bin/curl
  
If curl is installed some place else or you are using wget (i.e. at /usr/local/bin/wget) then create a file

  config/config.rb

with the contents:

  CMD = "/usr/local/bin/wget"
  
== CRON

You will want to add a cron job on some machine you have access to have zuptime check all the sites periodically.
For example a cron entry of:

  0,10,20,30,40,50 * * * * /usr/local/bin/curl http://localhost:4567/sites/check

will update the status of all your sites every 10 minutes
  
== License

zuptime is released under the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2009 Eric Harris-Braun
